_pages/accomodation.md, before:

---
title: Accomodation
layout: sub
permalink: /accomodation/
---

<h3>Accomodation</h3>
<hr/>

Since the conference <a href="http://cyber-science.org/2022/venue/"><u><b>venue</b></u></a> is far from the city center, we contracted with the Eurolido Hotel a lodging package at a very convenient rate. 
We strongly suggest to exploit such offer as public transportation is not efficient and it is advisable to lodge in the conference hotel.<br/>

<b>Shuttle transfer</b>:<br/>
Lamezia Terme Airport (or Lamezia Terme Train Station) to Eurolido Hotel (and viceversa):<br/> 
- 30&euro; one way fixed rate from 1 to 3 passengers.<br/> 
- 40&euro; one way fixed rate for 4 passengers.<br/>
<i>Note</i>: If there will be other participants arriving at the same time, the shuttle service will arrange only one transfer to permit the sharing of the cost among the participants.<br/>  

<b>IEEE CPDC2022 Package</b>: Check-in September 11th - Check-out September 15th:<br/>
- Single Room - Full Board: 390&euro; per person<br/>
- Double Room - Full Board: 290&euro; per person<br/>

The CPDC2022 package includes:<br/>
- Meals: breakfast, lunch and dinner (except for Gala Dinner, which is covered by the conference registration fee).<br/>
- Facilities: in room air conditioning, access to beach services, 5 on 5 soccer pitch, tennis court, free WiFi in the hotel common areas, swimming pool.<br/>
<i>Note</i>: Conference registration fee includes coffee breaks and gala dinner; other meals are not included.<br/>

Alternatively, it is possible to book:<br/> 
- individual full board days for 110&euro;/day in single room or 85&euro;/day per person in double room.<br/>
- individual b&b days for 70&euro;/day in single room or 50&euro;/day per person in double room.<br/>
- single meals for 20&euro;.<br/>

For bookings and for any different requirements you might have, please contact the hotel directly (<a href="mailto:info@eurolido.it"><u><b>info@eurolido.it</b></u></a>).

Commit message:

booking form added to the accomodation.md page

_pages/accomodation.md, after:

---
title: Accomodation
layout: sub
permalink: /accomodation/
---

<h3>Accomodation</h3>
<hr/>

Since the conference <a href="http://cyber-science.org/2022/venue/"><u><b>venue</b></u></a> is far from the city center, we contracted with the Eurolido Hotel a lodging package at a very convenient rate. 
We strongly suggest to exploit such offer as public transportation is not efficient and it is advisable to lodge in the conference hotel.<br/>

<b>Shuttle transfer</b>:<br/>
Lamezia Terme Airport (or Lamezia Terme Train Station) to Eurolido Hotel (and viceversa):<br/> 
- 30&euro; one way fixed rate from 1 to 3 passengers.<br/> 
- 40&euro; one way fixed rate for 4 passengers.<br/>
<i>Note</i>: If there will be other participants arriving at the same time, the shuttle service will arrange only one transfer to permit the sharing of the cost among the participants.<br/>  

<b>IEEE CPDC2022 Package</b>: Check-in September 11th - Check-out September 15th:<br/>
- Single Room - Full Board: 390&euro; per person<br/>
- Double Room - Full Board: 290&euro; per person<br/>

The CPDC2022 package includes:<br/>
- Meals: breakfast, lunch and dinner (except for Gala Dinner, which is covered by the conference registration fee).<br/>
- Facilities: in room air conditioning, access to beach services, 5 on 5 soccer pitch, tennis court, free WiFi in the hotel common areas, swimming pool.<br/>
<i>Note</i>: Conference registration fee includes coffee breaks and gala dinner; other meals are not included.<br/>

Alternatively, it is possible to book:<br/> 
- individual full board days for 110&euro;/day in single room or 85&euro;/day per person in double room.<br/>
- individual b&b days for 70&euro;/day in single room or 50&euro;/day per person in double room.<br/>
- single meals for 20&euro;.<br/>

To book your accomodation, please print, fill and sign this <a href="http://cyber-science.org/2022/assets/files/IEEE_CPDC2022_Eurolido_Hotel_form.docx"><u><b>form</b></u></a> and send it to <a href="mailto:info@eurolido.it"><u><b>info@eurolido.it</b></u></a>.
For booking information and for any different requirements you might have, please contact the hotel directly via email.
